### 1. 고유명사

- A : You should turn right at Starbucks.

- B : Do you mean the Starbucks over there?

### 2. 아침/점심/저녁

- A : I had dinner with him!

- B : How was the dinner?

--- 

- A : I had breakfast at the hotel this morning.

- B : Did you enjoy the breakfast?

---

### 3. 공원

- I like strolling in the park.

- I like strolling in a park.

- I like strolling in the/a park near my house.

### 4. 부엌

- There are snacks in the kitchen.

- You can find many cooking tools in a kitchen.

### 5. 침대

- You can put the jacket on the bed.

- We have to buy a bed for the new house.

- Let's make the bed.

- How to make a bed like a hotel.

### 6. floor(마루, 층)

- Don't put your dirty socks on the floor.

- You can put this plant on any floor in this building.

### 7. Bank

- I need to go to the bank in our aparmtment complex.

- Is there a bank near here?

### 8. Doctor

- When I have a cold, I always go to the doctor.

- I need to go to a doctor as soon as possible.

### 9. Movie

- Let's go to the movies(=theater).

- I have enough time to watch a movie.

- Did you watch the movie that I told you about?

### 10. Country

- Have you ever been to the Netherlands?

- the United Arab Emirates
- the United States
- the United Kingdom
- the Philippines
- the Maldives

### 11. River

- Shall we have chicken and beer at the Han River?

- the Nile Riever
- the Amazon River
- the Yangtze River
- the Mississippi River
- the River Thames

### 12. Mountains

- We drove along the Rocky Mountains.

- the Himalayas
- the Andes
- the Alps
- the Rockies

### 13. the + 형용사

- The young have to be aware of it.

- the young
- the old
- the elderly
- the poor
- the disabled
